"Don Bluth's Anasasia is frequently confused for a Disney Princess, however, this classic Disney film features a character with the same name.": "Cinderella"
"What is Cinderellas last name?" : "Tremaine"
"Elsa is not the only princess to become queen during the span of her original film. Name one other." : "Kida"
"What is Kida's full name?" : "Kidagakash Nedakh"
"This 1985 Disney film based on the series by Lloyd Alexander featured one of Disney's most forgotten princesses." : "The Black Cauldron"
"What was her name?" : "Eilonwy"
"Of the official Disney princesses, this princess is the youngest." : "Snow White"
"How old was Snow White?" : "14"
"Susan Egan, who portrayed Belle in the original Broadway run of Beauty and the Beast, also voiced this Disney Heroine." : "Megara"
"The actress also starred in what Disney Channel Original movie?" : "Gotta Kick It Up"
"Bastion was the original concept name for this Disney hero but was later changed." : "Flynn Rider"
"What is this character's real name?" : "Eugene Fitzherbert"
"Not all Disney Princes have names, however, Adam is the popularly prescribed name for this Disney Prince." : "The Beast"
"This character turns how old during the course of his film?" : "21"
"This Disney hero, voiced by David Spade, took the lead in the anachronistic comedy film released in 2000." : "Kuzco"
"What was the original name of his film?" : "Kingdon of the Sun"
"Kevin Kline,who voiced Tulio in the Dreamworks film 'The Road to El Dorado', voiced this disney hero four years earlier." : "Captain Phoebus"
"His character's horse was named this, if only to make a terrible pun" : "Achilles"
"Scott Weinger has consistently voiced this Disney hero across films, video games, and the T.V. series." : "Aladdin"
"His film started with a golden scarab and a trip to this famous location." : "The Cave of Wonders"
"E.V.E. is the sleek and futuristic counterpart to the lead of this Pixar film." : "WALL-E"
"What does E.V.E. stand for?" : "Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator"
"This icon from the first Pixar film has appeared in every single subsequent film in some form." : "The Pizza Planet Truck"
"It took the form of what in order to appear in the film Brave?" : "A Woodcarving"
"Buzz Lightyear has a cameo appearance in what other Pixar film?" : "Finding Nemo"
"Where, specifically, is he seen?" : "The Destist's waiting room"
"Accorind to Pixar theory Andy's mother was the original owner of this toy." : "Jesse"
"This is backed up by the fact that Andy owns this item." : "Jesse's Hat"
"Merida the feisty protagonist of the Pixar film Brave, has 3 younger brothers named this, this and this." : "Hubert, harris, Hamish"
"According to popular theory, the witch in this film is actually this character from another Pixar film." : "Boo from Monster's Inc"
"Name this little tuxedo kitten from Pinocchio." : "Figaro"
"This cat also appears under the care of which classic Disney character in many cartoon shorts?" : "Minnie Mouse"
"The Lion King isn't the only Disney film to feature royal lions. Name the other." : "Robin Hood"
"Which royal figures do these lions portray" : "King Richard the Lionheart, Prince John"
"What is the name of Simba's mother?" : "Sarabi"
"What is the name of Zira's only daughter from The Lion King 2." : "Vitani"
"Name the 3 kittens from Aristocats." : "Berlioz, Toulouse, Marie"
"What is O'Malley's full name?" : "Abraham de Lacy Giuseppe Casey Thomas O'Malley"
"Name this devilish cat from Disney's Cinderella." : "Lucifer"
"Name the dog that frequently rivals this cat." : "Bruno"